Readme.md, before:

# iOS103 - End-to-End iOS Development

## Course Overview

In this course, we will be developing an iOS app but first building our own small API to interface with! Through the course, we will focus on a small core subset of features that will help you be come a successful iOS developer. 

Knowing the complete cycle of developing backend systems to client interfaces is crucial to building any internet product or service.

It also helps you understand how these systems are built from the ground up and how to get your own API up and running!

For the backend, we will build a small Phoenix app with a postgres database. Don't worry if you aren't familiar with any of those. This course will introduce you to the fundamentals of the language (Elixir) and the framework (Phoenix).

## Objectives & Competencies

1. Learn how the request response cycle works
2. Build a two resource API
3. Interface with the API with an iOS client  to login, signup and fetch data.
4. Learn the basics of functional programming and techniques like recursion.

## Course Schedule

- #### Week 1
    - [Intro to Phoenix & Elixir](00-Intro-to-Phoenix-Elixir)
    - [Anatomy of a Phoenix App](02-Phoenix-Structure)
    - [Understanding Request Response Cycle](03-Request-Response-Cycle)
    
- #### Week 2
    - [Dependency Management - The Hex Package Manager](04-Hex-Package-Manager)
    - [Routing](05-Routing)
    - [Databases & Models](06-Databases-&-Models)
    
- #### Week 3
    - [Controllers](07-Controllers)
    - [Views - JSON, HTML](08-Views-JSON)

- #### Week 4
    - [iOS Project Setup](09-iOS-Setup) 
    - [Networking - Constructing Requests](10-Constructing-Requests)
    - [Networking - Handling Responses](11-Handling-Responses)

- #### Week 5
    - [Displaying Network Results](12-Displaying-results)

## Evaluations

To pass the course, students will have:

    1. Completed all challenges.
    2. Completed the spec project associated.
    3. Demonstrate clear understanding of how to request / response works from server to client.

Commit message:

Adds Elixir basics scaffold, adds new classes to schedule

Readme.md, after:

# iOS103 - End-to-End iOS Development

## Course Overview

In this course, we will be developing an iOS app but first building our own small API to interface with! Through the course, we will focus on a small core subset of features that will help you be come a successful iOS developer.

Knowing the complete cycle of developing backend systems to client interfaces is crucial to building any internet product or service.

It also helps you understand how these systems are built from the ground up and how to get your own API up and running!

For the backend, we will build a small Phoenix app with a postgres database. Don't worry if you aren't familiar with any of those. This course will introduce you to the fundamentals of the language (Elixir) and the framework (Phoenix).

## Objectives & Competencies

1. Learn how the request response cycle works
2. Build a two resource API
3. Interface with the API with an iOS client  to login, signup and fetch data.
4. Learn the basics of functional programming and techniques like recursion.

## Group Project

Work together is groups of 2 to build an API.
Projects must include:

1. At least two(3) RESTful resources/routes.
2. A postgres/sql/mongo database
3. A simple iOS app utilizing the API and displaying results on screen.

## Course Schedule

- #### Week 1
    - [Intro to Phoenix & Elixir](00-Intro-to-Phoenix-Elixir)
    - [Elixir basics](01-Elixir-Basics)
    - [Anatomy of a Phoenix App](02-Phoenix-Structure)
    - [Understanding Request Response Cycle](03-Request-Response-Cycle)

- #### Week 2
    - [Dependency Management - The Hex Package Manager](04-Hex-Package-Manager)
    - [Routing](05-Routing)
    - [Databases & Models](06-Databases-&-Models)


- #### Week 3
    - [Schema & Changesets](07-Schema-&-Changesets)
    - [Database Queries](08-Database-Queries)
    - [Controllers](09-Controllers)

- #### Week 4
    - [Views - JSON, HTML](10-Views-JSON)
    - [iOS Project Setup](11-iOS-Setup)

- #### Week 5
    - [Networking - Constructing Requests](12-Constructing-Requests)
    - [Networking - Handling Responses](13-Handling-Responses)
    - [Displaying Network Results](14-Displaying-results)

- #### Week 6
    - [Project Work Time](13-Project-Work-Time)

## Evaluations

To pass the course, students will have:

    1. Completed all challenges.
    2. Completed the spec project associated.
    3. Demonstrate clear understanding of how to request / response works from server to client.
